That was very definitely established.
I drove with all of Mr. Roestring, all the trials,
found there at T.
That, no matter what order, a superior officer gave you.
He could ask you to perform an illegal act.
You could not use that as a defense to any trial.
Now therefore, you can't do anything.
You can't do anything.
Therefore, that must apply as a day
because we've never changed that, which means that if someone in the military knows of
a prison, a espionage, a communist infiltration,
there's no order of any superior, which can justify his refusing to give that information to the proper official.
Thank you very much.
Is this the end?
I'm Carol Cash, I'm your miss Allen.
I'm your lover.
I was a 12-year-old document.
Please go.
There's someone.
Anop.
There's 100.
And I can.
I read the first sentence, and then be belated, and that year it was the 10th.
To include Frank Carr in the smear by alleging in the latest drug documents,
but Mr. Carr sought influential treatment for try to shine as dishonest.
I call your attention to their word dishonest.
Did you mean it when you said it then, and do you mean it now?
Yes, sir.
That is hard to the act of a honest man and a man of integrity as a senator.
I think Mr. MacMillan, that's the inclusion of Frank Carr with no evidence whatsoever against him.
I was one of the fellowest things I've seen for a long time.
And I would be a poetically, bluntly, the good jury who has seen the evidence against him.
I want to make it clear, Mr. McCullum, that I know those who are responsible for that.
They finally move in fact, and I'm not saying the document of Mr. Welch,
I assume he got his information from someone else.
I assume that any lawyer, he relied upon that information.
But who gave him this information, I don't know.
I'm not accusing Mr. Welch of dishonest to hear.
He was voted in this case as an attorney to try an extremely difficult case, if I may say that.
And I just assumed that he took the facts of the government.
Well, whoever gave him the facts of the one that we were the oldest responsible, right?
I should say.
And whoever did, who ever gave him those facts committed an act of dishonesty.
No question about that, according to your allegation.
No question about that, but we've only had the evidence in now, and there's nothing proven against the fact that he was filing for an attorney.
We asked some other prosecutor, we asked some others in here, where dishonest is used without reference to Mr. Car.
So I mentioned those, mentioned that one simply to keep the record straight and to discuss.
The record, and I call your attention on to your paragraph 15,
will recently confide the camp to direct file at the chairman and to accuse him of attempting to secure special treatment.
For a private sign is branded as false by reference to the written record and through the file,
Stephen Adams report itself.
In fact, as false, you would hardly can screw that to be the act of an honest man and a man of integrity.
No, I think Senator Simon can still do it.
No, first of all, I think that Senator, I'm sorry.
I think the budget I do, I think it's a highly improper and entirely dishonest.
I think it is for the charges where file for the purpose, which they accomplished, namely,
calling off our investigation of those who are protecting the senator in order to have solved Mr. Wells.
Now, those charges were made in that memorandum of phonologically advanced people, Mr. Wells, that in case.
I need to absolve Mr. Wells to charge him with anything.
I don't know.
Well, that he ran.
I know nothing about what parts Mr. Wells took in this.
I may say that I was a bit disappointed Mr. Wells as a lawyer when the case Mr. Adams and Stephen go then.
And he was asked by one of the centers so that he would agree that the case against Mr. Carter had fallen and he refused to say yes.
Now, again, I don't want to, should there be any...
Well, that says, not as mortal as he was.
He's got a client. He may have had to do that.
If you don't, let's get back to the question there.
I certainly ask you.
If this wasn't contained in the chronological documents, five of the time Mr. Wells said it's the case.
I think we have to refer to documents, Senator, I would rather not present it.
There wasn't an accusation in that document about the special treatment of five of the time.
We know that the woman I'm looking back at it.
I'm not sure that close to all that.
Mr. Wells said that.
Mr. Wells did not in the case of that time.
I'm very happy now.
That's what.
Now we go to number 16, if we may please.
I read the last sentence for that paragraph.
Secondary Robert T. Stevens.
Then communicated with the chairman and commence.
A series of efforts to interfere with the investigation.
To stop the hearings and to prevent various of his appointees from being called by the subcommittee.
You have testified all that, or that is true.
And that the secretary and Mr. Adams did turn the picture into here with the committee investigation.
Is that correct?
I think the record is straight.
We talk about appointees.
We're talking about appointees of the secretary of the Army.
I frankly don't know which of those appointees who are Mr. Stevens' personal appointees.
I'd have a fund for a chair.
I didn't think that would have.
I would have a pay over a immediate acquisition.
He is fine to prevent them from just fine when the president strikes them.
So that charge is a charge that you now maintain is true.
Just wouldn't you say that?
Yes, it's true that it's highly improper.
Yes, Mr. Stevens was not the actor but honest, straight, the audit secretary of the Army.
I don't like to mention that they trust them.
Bob Stevens is a lawyer.
It's a lawyer.
Let's let them say that if they're friends with Bob Stevens.
I don't like these.
I've been marching my stance to make short answers.
I've been making long as they have.
I have had a lot of experience.
I'll contact with Bob Stevens.
I failed as he was number one trying to a good job as secretary of the Army.
Up until the threat something was issued.
I knew of nothing which I could consider dishonest in his record.
He appeared to be trying to give us full cooperation while we're taking out individual companies.
I do know that something happened when we tried to get the names of those responsible for these liquor trodling
and those tried to get the oil-y board for the committee to find a fine of five days since
I'm not coming to truckers back to the radar plant.
Now I don't want to say that Bob Stevens is not patriotic, not honest.
I would say that just in case.
I think secretary Stevens has had the experience that has a number of people have had.
He came to Washington.
The business man, no background in politics.
No experience down here.
And just couldn't cope with the rather rough, grand of politics played in Washington.
And that connection may I say that it appears now as soon as I'm going to know that Mr. Clark Clifford,
the advisor of the Democratic party was advising him.
Now I think Senator Smith had a men mistake in getting Clark Clifford to do that.
He and I have a different.
I assume Senator Smith himself, that maybe it was a great service with party.
If he could use his political advisor to steer the course of Mr. Stevens.
I think it was a great there.
I think it was a disservice to both parties, but I'm not accusing Senator Smith of any improper motive.
I think he was doing something extremely clever at that time.
I don't think it was.
I mean, I mean, I mean, I meanronic of actually, I mean I can't even talk about Stevens' mind.
I think the common guy to him, two days before the charges were made.
He very honestly, very frankly said that there's nothing to these charges, two days later he made them.
I think it was highly improper.
So, Senator, look at the date of this.
I asked you about it.
September 7th, 1950, when he convinced all this action.
And when you started off on this little divergent air presentation,
I thought you were ten points as the chicken lunch and a number of animal regreement lunch
and when there were just a group of Republican politicians present and Mr. Stevens.
So, in that tender and solicitous care, were you?
Well, I might say that we got along very well when we had those four Republican presidents.
We agreed on a few things that I think the UNI could agree on now, Senator.
Namely that the too many of us in battle have wished to come before it,
and we've been entitled to have information about wrongdoing.
That was a very simple agreement.
I may say that after you, Senator, after you following that meeting
and after you called Senator Samington, now when I read those monochrome calls,
I began to understand that my Democrat friends were not exactly concerned
with any harmony or cooperation with involve Stevens and the committee.
Why you wouldn't say I wasn't cooperating and trying to be a friend to him
when I told him he should have known better when they get over there with that gang?
You believe?
But when you're having a big fight, let me wait, let me wait, let me wait, let me wait, let me wait.
You may answer the question, Patrick.
He's advising the secretary about how he should handle the campaign,
and I'm not saying that's a bad advice, but not exactly indicating that we were having too much harmony
to speed him to the punch.
I wasn't punching, but I also have here, first of all, the way to the government gang.
Senator McClellan says, I never was so surprised when you got off over there
and I was never so surprised when you got off over there in that gang without anybody with you.
Of course, I told you they wanted to work things out.
I may say that I think that it's my good Democrat friends on the committee
that have not been advising secretary Stevens that we would be investigating coming in the South of the Dancin.
We didn't invite him to ask him gold all of a sudden.
He got my message before we came to us.
We could have kept him out if he was sending me the sooner.
I'm going to say to the senator an answer to that question.
The president of the committee has made the senator McClellan five days before he came back on the committee.
The senator came back on the committee.
Senator, you have died because that column guy sure went back on with the member one.
By me, can the Republican first move the Senate?
I think I won't do that.
Before the next question is asked, let's return to it.
I'm glad our esteemed friend from Arkansas came to the Republican post room for a little gospel.
This is the 35th day of the hearings and I still honestly hope that it can be completed today.
I think I will see a little of this in my duty.
In the course of these long hearings, I did not raise at least one point of order.
If members search me correctly, I have not in all this time.
I'll be in my self without privilege.
I raise at least one of order today, Mr. Chairman, only for the purposes of clarification of the record.
Certainly, in any litigation, there is something that should be ignored by the jury because so childish that you will do.
Now hopefully in all the discussion and I must confess my own violation of the rule of that connection about this so-called two-in-one photo page document.
I felt from the outset that it was irrelevant to the issues it is before us and as such, you're just only on that subject, you should be ignored entirely.
I think the only way that we can clarify the record is that this point says a major as the opinion of the council of this committee,
who was hired for that purpose and who is of very distinguished lawyer and whose legal capacity I have to go to the conference.
So Mr. Chairman, I would like to raise the question now as to the relevance of all the evidence and testimony on the two-in-a-quart of page document about the list.
The opinion of the council at this point in the record was respect to the doctor.
Chair, first of all, here we have the counsel.
As you all know, Mr. Chairman, I have a good being much of a mafe in the Senate of Illinois. I did not raise that question approximately a month ago.
I want to be covered with my ink and say, and I say without any talk of criticism of any member of the committee, any council or any party in interest.
That in my opinion, long, long ago, I have found all the bars insofar as evidence is concerned with any of the issues of this controversy.
The issues are well defined and ideas from the senators, this is just a dismorning that perhaps it is a fine thing and a fine thing insofar as the public is concerned to have ingested these new issues in this controversy since it began.
And particularly since it has been said that the aluminumic, certain constitutional questions which cannot be decided for this subcommittee,
but we have got to be long ago fully exploited and illuminated, and which I emphasize all of them know-wise as part of the issues of this controversy.
And again, I emphasize that the fact that they have been made issues, mixed with my full approval, I've been able to understand this from the Zorro this morning,
is that in his opinion that one of the candidates would be one of the Saturdays results of this investigation.
And I highly endorse that statement, Senator, and placing all the specific questions raised by my distinguished friend from Illinois, I think that the question of the two-and-a-fourter page document is not relevant.
I feel that it has been fully and thoroughly exploited if I may be presumptuous enough to do so I should like to suggest that at this point,
we pose the door on any further in, very insofar as that non-relevant issue is concerned.
Well, can I take that as my way?
It comes as an amazing thing to me that we're going to start to enforce the rules of relevancy on the last afternoon of the hearing.
I've been in a lot of styles, but I have never heard of a rule that makes relevancy retroactive over several weeks.
I would say that if we're going to enforce the rules of relevancy, Mr. Chairman, there's been a lot of what the lawyers call Blacksheet, L-A-C-H-E-S.
And I'm amazed to find that as we pose, as that's what we're going to start enforcing the rules of relevancy.
I want to say this. Let me just finish.
We will be here for many more weeks, going through the record to take out the irrelevant material in the record.
I'll just be logical, let's be consistent about it. I mean, if we're going to enforce now, the rules of relevancy will have to go through the leak.
And it's awful lot of material. I think it's comfortable to visit me on that.
No, Mr. Chairman.
No, my friend, the Washington H. H. careful attention to the language. I don't think he would have raised that question for two reasons.
In a first way, I asked only for a ruling as to whether or not that information was relevant.
It is necessary for this committee to prepare a report, and the question is whether it's going to be considered as a relevant issue having direction from the bearing upon the issues before.
No, well, let me just say. The second thing is, the council did not suggest the enforcement of the rules with respect to relevant things.
He merely suggested that he hold that perhaps the door would be closed and I would be the last at this stage of the proceeding to ask that the rule on relevance may be enforced.
The door has been opened as wide as a 48-year field, and probably that's probably the issue with whom with somewhat dubious grace at this late hour in the junior college of the middle of the night, would be the last to ask that it be enforced.
May I just respond by further statement?
No, no, no.
It was my understanding that the document was introduced by Senator McCarthy to establish the time when the hearings got underway with reference to the Army.
I think it is highly relevant. It goes to one of the key issues in the controversy whether the hearings investigation into the Army started in the spring April 9th, although they started at the end of it, the application held a commission by Mr. Schum.
No, I think that's, I think, to the whole point of its introduction was to establish the fact that the investigation of the Army had been underway for quite some time.
Chair, I'd like to give a little bit of a center here from Washington has taken the words of the chair's ruling differently out of his mouth, because the chair's memory corresponds precisely without a sign of rejection, as to the reason why the Florida Page document was first writing to the committee room by Senator McCarthy.
I think this introduction certainly was relevant.
Nobody would deny that some of the discussion of scholarly introduction has been irrelevant, but we are all in agreement that there has been much clearer of the discussion during each hearing due to the fact that they have brought them to include a collateral country mercy as to the authority of various branches of the government.
I agree with our assumption, but I think that discussion has been illuminating.
I think that it has been fruitful and constructive because it points towards the future as to what we're all going to have to wrestle with in the months and the years ahead.
And so the chair will have to respectfully decline the final part of council suggestion, and we're not, I will currently rule out any further discussion which flows along that line because I think by now it has become embedded in the testimony and in the discussion of the country racial points before.
Let me just note an exception for the record tonight. I just note an exception for the record to the chair's ruling and let it stand at that because on confidence we will be discussing it at a later date.
We're quite correct and there are a great many items of testimony, which certainly are going to be irrelevant to the ultimate findings that we should be proud to make in our report.
And I think none of us expect to write in this report whether we have, as the chair has suggested, just perhaps too optimistically at times, a single package report in which we can all agree on whether we have two reports or perhaps even more than two reports.
I think that none of us is going to endeavor individually or collectively to adjudicate the lines of authority which we expect to have followed both by the insurgenties and by investigating committees in the future.
I know that they can just send it out and thank you.
Senator Jackson, can you?
Senator McCarthy, I wanted to say that I think the advice of Senator McCullough and Gabe was pretty sound advice.
I have the feeling that it may not always be too wise to exclude a thought of everything.
Maybe it was wise for us that we did not get into that chicken lunch.
There are just one or two questions that I want to straighten out. I may have misunderstood your testimony.
I had understood you to say that you felt that all of the staff, that is the investigators and lawyers and so on, I'm not talking about stenographers.
I take care of the moment, that all of the staff did not need clearance because they're not handling secret material or something of that effect.
The first question, Senator Jackson, you've come under on the fact that you thought we should have included you in the meeting that Secretary Stevens last Saturday.
I think it is very, very clear now, but I don't want to start a hassle here in this last day of the hearing.
I think it is very, very unfortunate for the country. That's my three Democrat friends who come back on the committee.
If they had not, I think we would be investigating communists today instead of wasting all of our time and money here,
by investigating charges that have improved and completely false. Since my Democrat friends came back, and as you know, I leaned over backwards to give you everything you wanted to introduce you to come back,
culture coming back to help us. I find out that it's not true and I think there's no doubt that anyone's mind about the fact that my three Democrat friends here will have their report.
I could write that report for them, I believe, right now. I know what they're going to say. I think they decided that before the hearing started.
Now the second half of your question was one of those. Let me, now wait a minute. Let me just...
Damn it, are you? Isn't it a back senator that the members on the Democratic side left the committee over the right to vote on the assignment of staff members that was July 10th?
And all of the matter of this investigation relates to that period about the day or two after we left the committee up until we returned.
What? Well, since you are not giving the correct picture, let me tell my Democrat friends, we held a vast number of hearings. We get a bit of a big number of comments.
I'm talking about the investigation we're discussing here. All the trouble that we have handled for the incidents all took place while the Democrats were not on the committee. Isn't that correct? Let me finish my question.
I'd like to chart over there. Let me finish my answer.
Mr. Jackson, while my, the Democrats were off the committee, we were less getting comments. We find out that six days or five days before you came back on the committee, some advised Mr. Adams to go and talk to the ranking Democrat members,
we found that he came back on the committee. We find that Mr. McClellan, I'm sorry, Mr. Simon, got the chief political advice to the Democrat parties who succeeded in disrupting things, misadizing Bob Stevens.
The result is that all of the funds that were voted for are committee Mr. Jackson, are being disupplied in this investigation which everyone knows is a complete part. Instead of investigating comments, I am very, very much disappointed.
I am disturbed about the future of the committee. It's my three Democrats' friend who's taking the position of the future. If they take him since they get back on the committee, it means it'll be almost impossible for us to dig out any subversives. Now to answer the second half of your question, let me just finish that part of it.
I think your own countercharges relate to incidents that just place during all this period between July 10th and the latter part of January when we heard something must have been going on while we're off. Isn't that what we're investigating here?
Mr. Dirkton, you listen to the testimony. As I've testified, there was an attempt from the part of Mr. Stevens, the part of Mr. Adams, to try and induce us to call off the hearing.
I have testified, Mr. Kohn has testified, I believe, that there's nothing unusual about that. That's the head of any bureau. Normally, it doesn't want any of the bureau being investigated. However, it was only after the Secretary of the Army.
I got in a tonne hack with the Democrats who then went out on the committee, who came back on the committee. It was only after he did drafts that these fraudulent charges were issued.
I'm not saying the Democrats who were responsible for these fraudulent charges, all I know is that they were issued after the Secretary had voice to the upon him, the chief political adviser of the Democrat Party.
I'm surprised I brought this up because of your comment. I'm surprised that you're not trusting for the subpoenaer Mr. Clifford.
We Democrats try to help you, and I'll get that witness up here for you. The first day you...